tai64nfrac

    The time is out of joint: O cursed spite,
    That ever I was born to set it right!

    William Shakespeare, Hamlet, Act I, Scene V, line 189 

Download

tai64nfrac 1.4 (signature)
Released 2003-03-10

Archive
Documentation

General overview
tai64nfrac manual page
Development

Git repository
Warning

This package is not maintained. It should continue to work without trouble, but I no longer use it since I no longer use qmail (and therefore qmailanalog or multilog). If anyone else would like to pick up development, you're welcome to do so.
Description

The TAI64N format is a format for time stamps in log files, invented by Dan Bernstein and used by some of his software, most notably the multilog component of daemontools. That package comes with a program (tai64nlocal) to convert those time stamps to a human-readable date.

Unfortunately, qmailanalog, a log analysis package for the qmail MTA, can only handle log timestamps in the form of a decimal number of seconds since epoch. So I wrote this program to convert from TAI64N timestamps to that format.

Unless you're using qmailanalog, this probably isn't all that interesting. It's possible that it may already be obsolete; I haven't checked qmail and qmailanalog in quite some time. I no longer use qmailanalog and therefore have no plans to make further changes to this program.
Requirements

tai64nfrac is written in C, so you will need a C compiler to compile it. For right now, that compiler has to support the long long data type (gcc and most other current compilers do so).
Download

The distribution:
tai64nfrac 1.4 	2003-03-10 	Download 	PGP signature

An archive of older releases is also available.

tai64nfrac is maintained using the Git version control system. To check out the current development tree,
orign clone:      git://git.eyrie.org/system/tai64nfrac.git

You can also browse the current development source.
Documentation

    README
    tai64nfrac manual page

License

This program is in the public domain. If it is not legal or possible to place a work in the public domain in your jurisdiction, then I hereby grant you a license to treat this program in every way as if it were in the public domain.
< multilog-watch 	Russ Allbery > Software > Obsolete Software 	
